Fix typo in hooks-faq.md (#2649)
reactjs/reactjs.org: content/docs/hooks-faq.md

Let's see why this matters.

> If you specify a [list of dependencies](/docs/hooks-reference.html#conditionally-firing-an-effect) as the last argument to `useEffect`, `useMemo`, `useCallback`, or `useImperativeHandle`, it must include all values used within the function to participate in the React data flow. That includes props, state, and anything derived from them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you specify a [list of dependencies](/docs/hooks-reference.html#conditionally-firing-an-effect) as the last argument to `useEffect`, `useMemo`, `useCallback`, or `useImperativeHandle`, it must include all values that are used inside the function and that participate in the React data flow. That includes props, state, and anything derived from them.
```
